feat(dialog): adapt sizing (#4774)
sbb-design-systems/lyne-components: src/elements/dialog/readme.md

</sbb-dialog>
```

The dialog's dimensions can be explicitly set in large-ultra breakpoints
by overriding the variables `--sbb-dialog-height` / `--sbb-dialog-width`;

> in zero-small breakpoints the dialog takes the full width and adapts its height to the slotted content.

Reviewer: Something like this would be better I think: (phrasing could probably be improved :) ) Example below could also be adapted.
```suggestion
The dialog takes the full width and adapts its height to the slotted content
Starting from small breakpoint, also the width adapts to the content. To configure the dialog dimension, you can set the dimensions if the slotted content. E.g. on the `<sbb-dialog-content>` element by setting the width or height.
```
